Craft an antique atlas to find your way!
Create a custom area by placing a sign, just google "Areas Mod" for more info!
Customise your bed with a banner!
Massive stack sizes!
Craft a furnace boat to go faster!
Craft a chest boat to store your goodies!
Use chalk to never get lost again!
Sneak up behind an enemy without them noticing!
Press <R> to do a roll!
Press <F6> to toggle first person model!
Now with better third person camera mode, just press <F5>
Dont get your reputation to low in villages!
Campfires heal friendlies and ward of hostile enemies!
Press <L> to open advancement menu!
Craft a dummy to test your weapons!
Press <N> to open notes!
Now with SPICY combat!
Craft a selection of weapons!
Now in: bone meal is universal!
Villagers are claustrophobic!
Right click with a tool or empty hand on a stair or slab to sit down!
Chains connect blocks!
Dispensors place blocks!
The feeding trough can automatically breed animals
Pistons pushing an Iron Rod will have it work as a drill!
Movable tile entities!
Wool under a track shuts up minecarts!
Shift-right clicking an armor stand will swap its armor set for whatever armor you're currently wearing!
Ancient Tomes are a rare loot item from dungeons and stronghold libraries, being usable to upgrade enchantments!
Bottle a cloud and place it in mid air!
Campfires boost elytra, use one to take off!
Note Blocks with heads attached to their side will emit the respective mob's sound instead of a note!
Shulker Boxes can be created by holding a shulker shell in both hands and shift-right clicking a chest!
Special arrows can be crafted for: explosions, fire, teleportation, and more!
Press <P> to set a horse as your own whilst riding and press <V> to call it!
Now with more armour than before...
Seasons effect the fertility of crops.
Loot is unique for everyone!
Sleeping bags let you sleep without reseting your spawn!
So... Much... Building blocks....
Bamboo can be made into building blocks!
Daggers attack fast for nimble combat
A broadsword is a great way to deal a lot of damage
Bombs!?
What if... Fletching tables crafted all the different types of arrows in this pack. I can't be ass'd but if you can contact me!
Golden hoppers filter items.
Copper pipes transport items.
No more OP elytra!
Hold <B> for a faint attack!
Numpad is emotes!
Use compost for richer plants!
Craft a stove to cook up with treat!
So much fooood!
Hopefully not irritating!
Inspired by Epic NPC Man on Youtube!
Iron Farms 2: Nerfed.
Right click a dirt block with wheat seeds to grass it.
Shift right click a riding entity to dismount it.
Shift right click with an empty bottle to harvest your xp.
Press <alt> to zoom.
Right click with an empty bottle whilst swimming to breathe some fresh air.
Bouncy beds.
Right click a pufferfish, bee, or cave spider with an empty bottle to extract its posion.
Hold a bell in your offhand whilst fishing to hear a notification.
Ice under a farmland block stops it growing.
